c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Service.dll.config
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Service.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Service.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Business.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Global.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Data.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Business.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Global.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\TeaCounter.Data.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Service.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Service.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Service\bin\Unity.Mvc.xml
