c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Data.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Global.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Data.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Global.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.dll
c:\users\dtaaygun\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TeaCounter\TeaCounter.Business\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Data.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Global.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Data.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\TeaCounter.Global.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Configuration.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Container.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\bin\Debug\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.dll
C:\Projects\WebApi\TeaCounter.Business\obj\Debug\TeaCounter.Business.pdb
